Directory for TA1 delivarables.

## Py-ascets

SIDARTHE-py-ascet_from_ta2.json: is the py-ascet from ta_2 as the gold standard

SIDARTHE-MIT_a.json: is the MIT un-annotated py-ascet from the code version a

SIDARTHE-MIT_a.json: is the MIT un-annotated py-ascet from the code version b

## Initial Conditions and Parameters

SIDARTHE-ic-unit1.json: is the initial concentrations for the unit tests

SIDARTHE-params-t#.json: is the parameters for unit test 1 and unit test 2. t1 is  for unit test 1 and the first of the parameter value for unit test 2. The remaining ones are for the time dependence of the parameters for unit test 2. 

## Connection between Artifacts

SIDARTHE-extracted-vars.txt: is the list of variables and their definitions extracted by MIT from the [SIDARTHE paper text](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7175834/pdf/41591_2020_Article_883.pdf) (paper PDF was pre-processed through COSMOS to get raw text).

SIDARTHE-params-dkg.txt: is the connection between the variables extracted from paper text and the DKG terms.

SIDARTHE-latex-params.txt is the connection between the latex extract from paper formula and the variables extracted from paper text.

## Enriched Gromets
The Gromet FNs for the SIDARTHE sources with text extraction metadata attached inside the `gromet_fn` directory

The skema text extractions linked to those gromet fn are found in `scenario2_skema_extractions.xlsx`

## Unit Test 1 (1.b.i.)

- Julia Petri Net to Bilayer Migration
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_infected.png: Plot of SIDARTHE unit test 1 created by FUNMAN. Generated by unit test: [[unit test](https://github.com/ml4ai/funman/blob/6mo-evaluation/scratch/funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test.py)]
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test.png: Plot of the sum(I, D, A, R, T) by time, used to identify peak infected. 
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer.pdf: Bilayer graph
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer.json: Bilayer graph source
- Hand coded Bilayer by Clay Morrison
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_infected_CM.png: Plot of SIDARTHE unit test 1 created by FUNMAN. Generated by unit test: [[unit test](https://github.com/ml4ai/funman/blob/6mo-evaluation/scratch/funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test.py)]
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test_CM.png: Plot of the sum(I, D, A, R, T) by time, used to identify peak infected. 
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer_CM.pdf: Bilayer graph
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer_CM.json: Bilayer graph source
- UF Petri net converted to Bilayer, with relaxed parameter bounds.
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_infected_UF_Relax.png: Plot of SIDARTHE unit test 1 created by FUNMAN. Generated by unit test: [[unit test](https://github.com/ml4ai/funman/blob/6mo-evaluation/scratch/funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test.py)]
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test_UF_Relax.png: Plot of the sum(I, D, A, R, T) by time, used to identify peak infected. 
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer_UF.pdf: Bilayer graph
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer_UF.json: Bilayer graph source