## Unit Test 1 (1.b.i.)

- Julia Petri Net to Bilayer Migration
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_infected.png: Plot of SIDARTHE unit test 1 created by FUNMAN. Generated by unit test: [[unit test](https://github.com/ml4ai/funman/blob/6mo-evaluation/scratch/funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test.py)]
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test.png: Plot of the sum(I, D, A, R, T) by time, used to identify peak infected. 
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer.pdf: Bilayer graph
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer.json: Bilayer graph source
- Hand coded Bilayer by Clay Morrison
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_infected_CM.png: Plot of SIDARTHE unit test 1 created by FUNMAN. Generated by unit test: [[unit test](https://github.com/ml4ai/funman/blob/6mo-evaluation/scratch/funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test.py)]
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test_CM.png: Plot of the sum(I, D, A, R, T) by time, used to identify peak infected. 
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer_CM.pdf: Bilayer graph
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer_CM.json: Bilayer graph source
- UF Petri net converted to Bilayer, with relaxed parameter bounds.
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_infected_UF_Relax.png: Plot of SIDARTHE unit test 1 created by FUNMAN. Generated by unit test: [[unit test](https://github.com/ml4ai/funman/blob/6mo-evaluation/scratch/funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test.py)]
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test_UF_Relax.png: Plot of the sum(I, D, A, R, T) by time, used to identify peak infected. 
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer_UF.pdf: Bilayer graph
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_bilayer_UF.json: Bilayer graph source
- SKEMA Extracted Petri net to bilayer analysis
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_SKEMA_extract_infected.png: Plot of the sum(I, D, A, R, T) by time, used to identify peak infected. 
: Plot of SIDARTHE unit test 1 created by FUNMAN. Generated by unit test: [[unit test](https://github.com/ml4ai/funman/blob/6mo-evaluation/scratch/funman_s2_1_b_i_unit_test.py)]
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_SKEMA_extract_test_case.png: Plot of the sum(I, D, A, R, T) by time, used to identify peak infected. 
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_SKEMA_extract_bilayer.pdf: Bilayer graph
    - funman_s2_1_b_i_SKEMA_extract_bilayer.json: Bilayer graph source

## Unit Test 1 (1.d.)
- Minimum theta and epsilon are in regions (white) that are not proven to be inconsistent with the query (sum(IDART)<=1/3).  An example region is the point near (0.12, 0.24).  The regions allow different functions of epsilon and theta (depending on analyst preference).
- funman_s2_1_d_parameter_space.json: FUNMAN Parameter Space Object
- funman_s2_1_d_parameter_space.png: Figure of Parameter Space
- test case is at: https://github.com/ml4ai/funman/blob/6mo-evaluation/scratch/evaluation23_s2.py